✨ Added placeholders that resolve to the latest version tag of a release (#381)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/capm3/installation_guide.md

1. Install Cluster API core compoenents i.e., core, bootstrap and control-plane providers. This will also install cert-manager, if it is not already installed.

    ```bash

>      clusterctl init --core cluster-api:{{releaselink:repo:https://api.github.com/repos/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/releases/latest}} --bootstrap kubeadm:{{releaselink:repo:https://api.github.com/repos/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/latest}} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     clusterctl init --core cluster-api:{releaselink:repo:https://api.github.com/repos/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/releases/latest} --bootstrap kubeadm:{releaselink:repo:https://api.github.com/repos/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/latest} \
```
Can we use single braces?

     --control-plane kubeadm:{{releaselink:repo:https://api.github.com/repos/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/latest}} -v5
    ```

## With clusterctl

> This method is recommended. You can specify the CAPM3 version you want to install by appending a version tag, e.g. `:v1.1.2`. If the version is not specified, the latest version available will be installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method is recommended. You can specify the CAPM3 version you want to install by appending a version tag, e.g. `:v1.6.0`. If the version is not specified, the latest version available will be installed.
```
While at it, maybe update the hardcoded example as well, or replace this too.

```bash

> clusterctl init --infrastructure metal3:{releaselink:repo:https://api.github.com/repos/metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3}

Reviewer 3: Do you know if md-book provide a way to default this placeholder ? 
If not can this be an interesting a feature? if so we can open an issue here like https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook/issues/144

I think this guides are meant also to work offline then our js will not be able to request github api and we should default these somehow not a big deal but we can create a feature request if you think it is feasible
